## 1. Start by creating a new repository on GitHub. 

2. Clone the newly created repository to your local machine. 
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/AdarshTheki/Vite-React-JS.git
   ```

3. Create a new Vite + React project in the cloned repository. Navigate into the cloned repository using the `cd` command, and then run the following commands to create a new Vite + React project:
   ```
   cd Vite-React-JS
   npm init vite@latest
   ```

4. Install dependencies. Once the project is initialized, navigate into the project directory:
   ```
   npm install
   ```

5. Create the README file. In the project directory, create a new file named `README.md` using a text editor. You can use the following command to create it in the terminal:
   ```
   touch README.md
   ```
6. Save and commit the README file. Save the changes to the `README.md` file in your text editor. Then, in the terminal, run the following commands to commit the changes and push them to the GitHub repository:
   ```
   git add README.md
   git commit -m "Add README file"
   git push
   ```

   This will commit and push the README file to your GitHub repository.

Once the above steps are completed, the README file will be visible in your GitHub repository, providing project information and instructions for other users.

# Set up Firebase Hosting
1. Build your Vite + React project:\
 Open your terminal or command prompt and navigate to the root directory of your project. Run the following command to create a production-ready build:
```bash
    npm run build
```
  This command will generate optimized and minified files in the `dist` directory will automatic create.

2. Install Firebase CLI.\
To host your site with Firebase Hosting, you need the Firebase CLI (a command line tool).
```bash
    npm install -g firebase-tools
```

3. Initialize your project.\
Open a terminal window and navigate to or create a root directory for your web app
```bash
    firebase login
    firebase init
```
**Configure Firebase Hosting:** After selecting the Hosting option, you will be prompted to specify the public directory. Enter `dist` as the public directory to use the build files generated by Vite. You not used for `vite+react` folder `build` or `public` option create.  \
**Choose a single-page app:** When asked about configuring as a single-page app, answer "`Yes`" to rewrite all URLs to `index.html`.

4. Deploy to Firebase:\
To deploy your Vite + React project to Firebase Hosting, run the following command:
```bash
    firebase deploy
```

This command will upload your app's files to Firebase Hosting. Once the deployment is successful, Firebase will provide you with a hosting URL where your app is now live.

That's it! Your `Vite + React` project is now deployed and hosted on Firebase. You can access your app using the provided hosting URL. Any subsequent updates to your app can be deployed by running **firebase deploy** again.